CI Visibility .NET code coverage exclusion filters (#19630)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/guides/code_coverage.md

If you are using [Coverlet][101] to compute your code coverage, indicate the path to the report file in the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_EXTERNAL_CODE_COVERAGE_PATH` environment variable when running `dd-trace`. The report file must be in the OpenCover or Cobertura formats. Alternatively, you can enable the Datadog Tracer’s built-in code coverage calculation with the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_CODE_COVERAGE_ENABLED=true` env variable.

> ### Advanced options (Supported through .runsettings)

Reviewer: nit: "supported", instead of "Supported"

Author: changed in [d49558d](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/19630/commits/d49558dc228b44592b3d63cc15163d9b322ecc45)

                    ...
                </Configuration>
            </DataCollector>
        </DataCollectors>
    </DataCollectionRunSettings>
</RunSettings>
```

#### Coverlet options

| Option                   | Summary                                                                                                                                                         |
|:-------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ExcludeByAttribute       | Ignore methods, classes or assemblies decorated with attributes from code coverage.                                                                                                                |
| ExcludeByFile            | Ignore specific source files from code coverage.                                                                                                                |
| Exclude                  | Exclude from code coverage analysing using filter expressions.                                                                                                  |

> ##### Attributes

Reviewer: I think an example might be nice here but that's probably because I don't know .NET .

You can ignore a method, an entire class or assembly from code coverage by creating and applying the `ExcludeFromCodeCoverage` attribute present in the `System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis` namespace.

You can also ignore additional attributes by using the `ExcludeByAttribute` property (short name, that is the type name without the namespace)

##### Source files
You can also ignore specific source files from code coverage using the `ExcludeByFile` property

> * Use single or multiple paths (separate by comma)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Use a single or multiple paths, separated by comma
```

> * Use file path or directory path with globbing (e.g `dir1/*.cs`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Use the file path or directory path with a wildcard (`*`), for example (`dir1/*.cs`)
```

If you are using [Coverlet][101] to compute your code coverage, indicate the path to the report file in the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_EXTERNAL_CODE_COVERAGE_PATH` environment variable when running `dd-trace`. The report file must be in the OpenCover or Cobertura formats. Alternatively, you can enable the Datadog Tracer’s built-in code coverage calculation with the `DD_CIVISIBILITY_CODE_COVERAGE_ENABLED=true` env variable.

> ### Advanced options (supported through .runsettings)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Advanced options
```
